Even though it's become easier
and easier to access information
an content on the web, including
everything from our favorite
songs to funny videos to
instructions on how to solve a
homework roblem, it's imortant
to be responsible with the
information we find online.
When someone Osts their original
work online, they are the owner
of that content and they have
certain rights, usually
considered copyrights, which
allow them to decide how that
content is used.
This content includes their
words, images, music, videos,
and more.
If it's their original content,
they are the copyright owner.
O if for example, you were
putting together a cookbook to
sell online, but you don't have
the photos of food that you
need, you might think it's OK to
use a search engine to find
photos to illustrate your
cookbook.
But in most cases, this is not a
fair or responsible way to use
the information you find online,
because photos belong to the
creators and can't be used in
your own work unless the creator
specifically grants permission.
If you want to use someone
else's work in a product you're
selling, you should always
obtain ermission from the
content creator.
You might have to pay for a
license to use someone else's
content, or they may offer their
content in exchange for giving
them credit in your work.
For example, if you use
someone's photo in your
cookbook, you would credit the
photographer when publishing
their photos in your book.
O Even though you can use search
engines to easily find videos,
photos, essays, an so on, that
doesn't give you permission to
use them in your own work.
Make sure to do the responsible
thing and contact the content
creator for ermission.
It's the ethical thing to do,
and it can also help you avoid
legal troubles down the road.